README.md, before:

I created it by referring to https://github.com/Michelangelo27/chatgpt_selenium_automation.git.


# Guide
## prepare

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
Please check your chrome path in `paper_review.py`


## Step-by-step
1. Run `python paper_review.py`.
2. Answer if you are korean.
3. Please log in to the new Chrome window that opens.
4. Please upload your paper PDF file to chatgpt.
5. Enter “y” in the command window. (Do not enter after number 8.)
6. A message asking you to enter the paper title will appear. Enter it in the format YYMM_Journal_PaperTitle. PaperTitle must not contain "_".  
 ex) 1412_NIPS_Generative Adversarial Nets
7. Prompts entered in `prompt.py` are automatically entered into the GPT and the answers are saved in the `outputs` folder.
8. To continue entering the next paper, enter y in “continue? (y/n)” and repeat from number 4.

# 

# 한국어 가이드
## 준비

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
Please check your chrome path in `paper_review.py`

windows의 경우 관리자로 권한으로 실행해야합니다.
## Step-by-step

1. `python paper_review.py` 를 실행시킵니다.
2. 한국인이라고 묻는 질문에 "y" 로 대답합니다.
3. 새로 뜨는 Chrome 창에 로그인 해주세요.
4. 논문 pdf 파일을 ChatGPT에 업로드 해주세요.
5. 커맨드 창에 "y" 를 입력합니다. (8번 이후에는 입력하지 않습니다.)
6. 논문 제목을 입력하라는 문구가 나옵니다. YYMM_Journal_PaperTitle 의 형식으로 입력해줍니다. PaperTitle에는 "_"이 들어가면 안됩니다.  
   ex) 1412_NIPS_Generative Adversarial Nets
7. GPT에 `prompt_korean.py` 에 넣어놓은 프롬프트들이 자동으로 입력되며 답변을 `outputs` 폴더 내에 저장합니다.
8. 계속해서 다음 논문을 입력하시려면 "continue? (y/n)" 에 y를 입력으로 넣어주시고 4번부터 반복하시면 됩니다.


`prompt.py` 에서 prompt들을 수정할 수 있습니다.

Commit message:

fix the file name format

README.md, after:

I created it by referring to https://github.com/Michelangelo27/chatgpt_selenium_automation.git.


# Guide
## prepare

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
Please check your chrome path in `paper_review.py`


## Step-by-step
1. Run `python paper_review.py`.
2. Answer if you are korean.
3. Please log in to the new Chrome window that opens.
4. Please upload your paper PDF file to chatgpt.
5. Enter “y” in the command window. (Do not enter after number 8.)
6. A message asking you to enter the paper title will appear. Enter it in the format `file_name`.
7. Prompts entered in `prompt.py` are automatically entered into the GPT and the answers are saved in the `outputs` folder.
8. To continue entering the next paper, enter y in “continue? (y/n)” and repeat from number 4.

# 

# 한국어 가이드
## 준비

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
Please check your chrome path in `paper_review.py`

windows의 경우 관리자로 권한으로 실행해야합니다.
## Step-by-step

1. `python paper_review.py` 를 실행시킵니다.
2. 한국인이라고 묻는 질문에 "y" 로 대답합니다.
3. 새로 뜨는 Chrome 창에 로그인 해주세요.
4. 논문 pdf 파일을 ChatGPT에 업로드 해주세요.
5. 커맨드 창에 "y" 를 입력합니다. (8번 이후에는 입력하지 않습니다.)
6. 논문 제목을 입력하라는 문구가 나옵니다. `{file_name}.md` 의 형식으로 입력해줍니다. 
7. GPT에 `prompt_korean.py` 에 넣어놓은 프롬프트들이 자동으로 입력되며 답변을 `outputs` 폴더 내에 저장합니다.
8. 계속해서 다음 논문을 입력하시려면 "continue? (y/n)" 에 y를 입력으로 넣어주시고 4번부터 반복하시면 됩니다.


`prompt.py` 에서 prompt들을 수정할 수 있습니다.
